Add default/example policies to the docs (#327)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/guides/policies.md

# Example Policies

This page gives a few examples of different policies one might want to use in their own organizations.

## No Third-Party Data Sharing

> ```yaml title="policy.yml"

Reviewer: Let's promote good manifest file hygiene:
```suggestion
```yaml title="data_sharing_policy.yml"
```

policy:
  - fides_key: data_sharing_policy

>     name: Data Sharing Policy

Reviewer: I think "policy" is redundant here.

```suggestion
    name: Data Sharing
```

    description: The privacy policy that governs sharing of data with third parties.
    rules:
      - name: Disallow Third-Party Marketing
        description: Disallow collecting any user contact info to use for marketing.
        data_categories:

>           matches: ANY # If any of these data categories are being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          matches: ANY # Trigger a violation if any of these data categories are being used
```

          values:
            - account
            - user
        data_uses:
          matches: ANY # And the use of the data is for third-party sharing
          values:
            - third_party_sharing
        data_subjects:
          matches: ANY # And the data subject is a customer
          values:
            - customer

>         # And the data is identifiable, trigger a violation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # And the data is identifiable
```

        data_qualifier: aggregated.anonymized.unlinked_pseudonymized.pseudonymized.identified
```

## Respecting Employee Data Privacy

> ```yaml title="policy.yml"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml title="employee_data_processing_policy.yml"
```

policy:
  - fides_key: employee_data_processing
    name: Employee Data Processing

>     description: Restrict Employee Data Processing to only what is required for systematic business functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Restrict employee data processing only to that which is required for systematic business functions.
```

    rules:
      - name: Disallow Non-System Use of Employee Data
        data_categories:

>           matches: ANY # If any of these data categories are being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          matches: ANY # Trigger a violation if any of these data categories are being used
```

          values:
            - account
            - user
        data_uses:
          matches: OTHER # And the use of the data is something other than...
          values:
            - provide.system
            - improve.system
        data_subjects:
          matches: ANY # And the data subject is an employee
          values:
            - employee

>         # And the data is identifiable, trigger a violation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # And the data is identifiable
```

        data_qualifier: aggregated.anonymized.unlinked_pseudonymized.pseudonymized.identified
```

## Respecting Biometric PII

> ```yaml title="policy.yml"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml title="biometric_data_policy.yml"
```

policy:
  - fides_key: biometric_data_policy

>     name: Biometric Data Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: Biometric Data
```

    description: Policy that describes valid uses of biometric and health data.
    rules:
      - name: Disallow Biometrics for Profit.

>         description: Disallow biometric data being used for profit-related use-cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: Disallow the use of biometric data for profit-related purposes.
```

        data_categories:

>           matches: ANY # If any of these data categories are being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          matches: ANY # Trigger a violation if any of these data categories are being used
```

          values:
            - user.derived.identifiable.biometric_health
            - user.provided.identifiable.biometric
        data_uses:
          matches: ANY # And the use of the data is for any of the following...
          values:
            - advertising
            - train_ai_system
            - improve
            - third_party_sharing
        data_subjects:
          matches: ANY # And the data subject is a customer
          values:
            - customer

>         # And the data is identifiable, trigger a violation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # And the data is identifiable
```

        data_qualifier: aggregated.anonymized.unlinked_pseudonymized.pseudonymized.identified
```

## Anonymous Derived User Contact Data

> ```yaml title="policy.yml"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml title="protect_derived_user_data_policy.yml"
```

policy:
  - fides_key: protect_derived_user_data
    name: Protect Derived User Data
    description: Policy that describes the proper use of derived user data.
    rules:
      - name: Disallow Non-Anonymized Derived User Data.
        description: Require that any use of derived user data must be de-identified to the anonymous level, as opposed to the pseudonymous.
        data_categories:

>           matches: ANY # If any of these data categories are being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          matches: ANY # Trigger a violation if any of these data categories are being used
```

          values:
            - user.derived.identifiable.biometric_health
        data_uses:
          matches: NONE # And for any data use
          values: []
        data_subjects:
          matches: ANY # And the data subject is a customer
          values:
            - customer

>         # And the data is either unlinked_pseudonymized or more identifiable, trigger a violation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # And the data is either unlinked_pseudonymized or more identifiable
```

>         data_qualifier: aggregated.anonymized.unlinked_pseudonymized

Reviewer 2: The definition of "Unlinked pseudonymized data" is data for which all identifiers are erased or substituted by aliases for which the assignment function *is erased or irreversible, such that the linkage cannot be re-established by reasonable efforts of anyone including the party that performed them*.
I would be included to say that "unlinked pseudonymized" is an acceptable level of deidentifiability under the EDPB ruling. however, vanilla `pseudo` or `identified` is unacceptable, so maybe this should be `data_qualifier: aggregated.anonymized.unlinked_pseudonymized.pseudonymized`?
